# CS340
#          When I look at my CRUD module, I can see some of the ways I made it to ensure that the program was maintainable, readable, and adaptable. I separated the different crud operations into their own blocks of code. I also went into creating those methods in simple ways that were easy for someone to understand when going over the code. This also helped me in ensuring that my logic was correct when implementing the code. By working this way as I started to add more CRUD functions into my code it was easy for me to add them in. It also allowed me the ability to test each CRUD operation separately ensuring that it worked properly. When looking at how I can use this CRUD module in the future I can see how it can be integrated into different databases with simple changes. It allows for me to have a better starting point that I can iterate on and further develop based on the application's needs.
#             When approaching this project, I can see in what ways I tried to approach it as a computer science. Before developing the code, I wanted to make sure that I understood the problem. Afterward, I would start to plan different options that I can use to help achieve the goal of the assignment and test those ideas. I feel as I have gotten further in my degree program, I don’t see my approach having changed much. I continuously try to implement the feedback I receive from my previous assignments and adjust my approach based on it. I know in the future I will ensure that I go over my proposed design more to check that my solution is like the method described in the assignment. I also want to spend more time testing my code because I noticed instances where I thought it was finished, but then noticed a small error that could have caused a problem. One of the ways that I will make databases that meet other client requests is by first making sure I understand the problem that the client has. Going over different solutions and explaining the benefits of certain options. I also want to make sure I provide examples as I complete the project so that I can integrate any feedback from the client earlier and make any necessary plans in the design.
#             Computer Scientists create and maintain software in the hopes of solving some problem. The goal could be to help analyze data to make decisions on solutions, help with automation to increase efficiency and so much more. The role that a Computer Scientist can take up can vary with it being applicable to so many different fields, but in the end, all of them will be similar in certain key aspects. From creating or maintaining software, providing code that is maintainable and understandable, and trying to solve problems. When we look at Grazioso Salvare we can see some of those same principles in work. I created code that was understandable and maintainable with the ability for the client to do complex filtering based on certain aspects of dogs in shelters. This will allow the client to help find more animals that fit the requirements of different rescue teams and adopt them so they can be properly trained and help rescue more people. It also has the added benefit that as the client receives new data from the animal clinic, they can perform these complex searches in little time to help get those dogs in training faster and spend more time rescuing people.  
